For this module in Ford is aperture building.
Again you'll find a starting Project attached to this lecture which you can use to get started with
this or you can create a new Expo app on your own of course.
Now this is the app I attached very basic app with an app which we can barely see which doesn't matter
because I will not keep this text through anyways.
And we only got that one app just follow.
Now a lot of the things I do in this module will be things you saw in the previous modules because obviously
that's the core idea here.
We'll practice what we learned thus far and there will be some new things or some patterns which might
be interesting to you as well.
Now of course in the Zap which I sketched out in the last lecture we'll have a couple of screens so
therefore we'll definitely need navigation and Hensel at a navigation folder so that I can store my
navigation configuration there.
That's of course just one possible setup.
As I mentioned before you can work with any folder structure you want and that works for you besides
the navigation folder.
I also want to have a screens folder here in that screens folder.
I also want to store well the screens we can navigate between and I'll add a components folder for all
my regular components of course screens.
Also our ReACT components but the normal components I mean here are the components we don't directly
load as screens but which we embed into screens instead or into other components so that's what we'll
have here I'll also add a constants folder because again I'll work with my column constants here so
that I can use my preselected colors throughout the entire application.
Now there are a bunch of different ways of getting started what I like to do first in my absence that
I start with the screens.
Even though if I don't add the content to all of them yet I like adding this general structure so that
I can always see what I still need to work on which features are still missing.
So therefore I'll add the screens which I'll have and as app.
And here I'll do something which I haven't done before and which is totally optional but I'll organize
my screens into separate sub folders.
I'll have one folder with my shop related screens.
And of course since we'll build a shopping app all tweens are kind of shopper related but here I want
to have the screens which directly help us with viewing our products with adding them to the cart and
so on.
And then I want to have a separate folder and that's my my user folder you could say dear I want to
have the user related screens.
So that would be my user products and administrating products.
That's how I will divide this.
But of course you can organize that whatever however you want.
So in the shop folder here for example I want to have my product overview screen and that will be the
screen we see when the app loads where we have all the products to work with and where we can then select
a product or direct the added to the card will therefore also need a product detailed screen that's
the screen we see when we select a product and we want to learn more about it then we can click it at
or tap it and are taken to that detailed screen we'll all need a card screen that's unsurprisingly the
screen we see when we add items to cart or not which we didn't see but which you can visit to view the
item there.
So that's something we can do there.
And I'll also add our orders screen where we can view our orders.
Now you could by the way argue that the card screen and to order a screen kind of belong to the user
folder because they are a kind of exclusive to the user.
Every user has its own orders and its own cart and therefore you could go either way.
I believe there a bit more on the shop product related side.
But again that is totally up to you in the user folder.
I want to have my user products screened so that will be the screen where I see a list of all the products
that belong to that user and the added product screen which is the screen we'll use for adding new products
or for editing existing products.
We will be able to reuse that.
These are the screens will work in fraud.
This module and will not populate them with life all immediately right now will instead work on that
step by step.
But it is what we'll need.
And of course there also is a number folder we can add already and that's the store folder where we
will manage our redux store and our redux state data for which is our state management system.
I want to work with which we of course need because we got many screens that all have to work on kind
of the related data and hence we need to manage that data our products and what's in the card and so
on.
On some global level and redux is really great for that.
So we'll definitely need debt on the same note we also need to install some packages.
So I will run npm install dash dash safe and install redux and also react redux will all need react
dash navigation because of course will add navigation again so we can already throw that in there.
I will also already add react navigation dash header buttons because I will add Hatter buttons here.
Now I want to have these nicely styled and positioned buttons without having to do all that styling
positioning on my own and that should be it for now.
So we'll install all these packages already we'll need them from this module and with these packages
installed in these basic files created we we have a solid base setup to to get started with.
Now besides these packages we also need to install two other packages with the help of the Expo install
command and that's react dash native dash gesture dash handler so Expo install react native gesture
handler and also do react dash native dash reanimated package both packages also need to be installed
with the expo install command.
Now of course it's all about populating that with life dear.
I want to start with the first screen will actually see which is the products overview screen.